# 2019-10-23 Hypha Worker Co-op: Standup Meeting

<sup>[from template][standup-template] | [:notebook: Meetings][meetings] | [:date: Calendar][calendar] | [:white_check_mark: Tasks][tasks] | [:cat: Code][gh] | [:open_file_folder: Drive][gdrive]</sup>

Time:       Wed, Oct 23, 2019 @ 5-5:30pm  
Location:   https://jitsi.hypha.coop/hyphacoop  
Attending:  patcon, yurko, elon, dc  
Cultivator: patcon
Notetaker:  yj :raising_hand: Next up: gi, uv, pc, dc, el, bl, yj  

## Agenda

- Standup (3 min/person)
  1. What did you work on this past week?
  2. What do you plan to work on this coming week?
  3. What are your blockers?

## Standup Notes

**Helpful link:** https://github.com/issues?q=org:hyphacoop+sort:updated-desc+involves:YOU

- Person: yurko (patcon accidentally took in another spot)
    - last: bank account. online access. #todo create access. interac later.
    - next: move :moneybag: to desjardins. #feedback on money moving. money decisions.
    - blockers: waiting on interac before deposit.
    - last: 
        - Bank finally setup
        - Not sure signers/admins created theirs yet
        - Started reaserch on other financial services
    - next: 
        - work towards moving money from RBC to Dejardins
    - blockers: 
        - Waiting on interac E-Transfer
        - Look into alternative (MTF or what not)
- Person: bl
    - last:
        - Made proposal for comm tools guidelines, I think it's important to agree on shared practice urgently
        - Looked into PIAA language in GitHub/GitLab, I like it, and can take on drafting a version for Canada and co-op structure if I get go-ahead
        - Looked into QB pricing based on recommendations of our accountant, costs about CAD 55-70 each month. It's a lot for us at this point. I want to get advice on how to move forward, but to resolve this ASAP
        - Working with uv on distributed.press proposal
        - Would like someone else to lead mesh game proposal, although I'd like to actively participate, and has lots of potential partners I can connect
    - next:
        - Communication Guidelines draft
        - PIAA draft
        - Have Bookkeeping software purchased and start billing clients with it
    - blockers:
        - Need feedback on [Communication Guidelines](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/132)
        - Need feedback from Governance WG and uv on how to proceed with [PIAA](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/95)
        - Need pc and yj to review [PR: Financial Accounts and Practices](https://github.com/hyphacoop/handbook/pull/22)
        - Need a go-ahead to get QB and start billing for Aether, I don't know who I need permission from before subscribing to QB (recommend to get one shared access account + payroll to start which will be CAD 55 / month for us), see [issue](https://github.com/hyphacoop/organizing/issues/122)
            - Can I go ahead and purchase this with personal credit card and reimburse later? (first 3 months is $6 it's very low risk, and we can wait a little to add payroll)
            - If this required input from our bookkeeper, can pc get in touch?
- Person: DC
    - last: 
        - Opportity lead things
        - Follow up on contract  
    - next: 
        - What business development looks like with change in WG presence
        - other small tasks (low priority) mostly in Governance
    - blockers: 
        - Branding stuff (seems urgent but not sure how to help)
        - Issues that are not being addressed that seem important in business plan/finance
        - Feeling discouraged: Business plan items not moved over, flagged issues a few times
- Person: uv (dawn can't do udit's voice :-1:)
    - last:
        - Call with bl on distributed press last week
        - Working on hypha introduction deck, which could potentially be useful for pitching to leads
    - next:
        - Finish distributed press pitch deck with bl. Will reconnect this coming week.
        - Need to respond to Communication guidelines and PIAA draft
            - (I guess loomio is being currently updated? Will need to get back to this.)<- its working now
- Person: patcon
    - last: 
        - Attention taken away with an event
        - Brought some chagnes to full standup 
        - Signing and Appointments done
        - Bringin items from chats to issues
        - Bizdev Meeting
    - next: 
        - understand the banking situation
            - Bill primal glow
        - Reorient onself with priorities
    - blockers: 
        - Own understanding of finance stuff
    - other
        - Code for america
            - Struggling with burnout
            - Struggling Making money
            - Tunning ppl 
        - Civit Check To
            - Worker co-op meetup
- Person: elon
    - last:
        - jitsi sip integration
        - loomio updates
    - next:
        - check what else to do with infra
    - blocker:
        - no blockers

## Discussions
- QB Pricing and payment
    - pc: can we auth ben to make payment? should we?
    - yj: decision feels final on tool. prefer not to reopen that convo. but do we need it yet? how will it work?
        - dc: some wrinkles, but we should just pick a date for first payroll. #todo
        - let's just give a deadline. and do some things together.
        - no invoices sent yet? if so, feels non-urgent.
        - yj: we are blocked on invoicing.
        - dc+pc: clip decided already. yj: was just an estimate. #todo improved projections.
        - dc: do we need to start payroll right away? sounds like in one month (beg. Dec) especially if invoices on cusp of being sent out.
            - but no payroll pay period has been decided.
            - #recommendation: credit card right away. #todo research yj
                - open Q: who should get card? dc: directors? minimal paperwork for low limit.
    - dc: interpretation fin-wg doesn't need permission of whole, and can make call itself.
        - :+1: yurko, pc
    - dc: maybe future threshold where we don't need to ask, but TBD
    - bookkeeper stuff
        - pc: i didn't think we were using a bookkeeper yet until we got feedback (we're not paying anyone)
        - we know enough to start, so let's just start. :+1: dc, yj

- Business Plan items moved over to other places
    - dc: feels like we've reresearched a couple things. poor job of transmitting info for some reason. feel silly about that. feel like i have a good memory for business plan.
        - dc: pieces i put time into are the ones we keep revisiting.
        - yj: loomio and github diff. pointed out by bl. info lost. prob rustiest on business plan. feel for dawn.
        - dc: formats dont work for everyone. ties to comms convo. but also already had part of that convo. seems expectations have shifted (chat seems to have become priority channel for some)
        - e.g. spreadsheets and bizplan.
        - pc: crossref into issues. or presentation to all.
            - dc: presentation kinda done.
            - crossref/split. was the ideal, to close off then split out. but didn't happen. half-closed state currently.
        - pc: suggestion pairing.
- design workshop from nomadic labs
    - garry is onboard
    - makes sense for capacibty issues
    - one flag is that these workshops are best in person. ben is almost perma-away. patcon gone for awhile, maybe back 1-2wks in dec, but otherwise might be until end of jan.
        - luisa in TO oct30 - nov8
        - #todo organize social thing or drinks while luisa in Toronto. (earlier the better)
        - gi: weekends > evening weekdays >> daytime weekday

- DECISION: DAWN CULTIVATES Oct 29 - Nov 27

<!-- Links -->
[standup-template]: https://link.hypha.coop/standup-template
[meetings]: https://link.hypha.coop/meetings
[calendar]: https://link.hypha.coop/calendar
[tasks]:    https://link.hypha.coop/tasks
[gh]:       https://link.hypha.coop/gh
[gdrive]:   https://link.hypha.coop/gdrive